splash dirt
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/dirt
	NoAlert
}

splash gravel
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/gravel
	NoAlert
}

splash metal
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/metal
	NoAlert
}

splash metal2
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/met2
	NoAlert
}

splash hard
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/hard
	NoAlert
}

splash tile
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/tile
	NoAlert
}

splash wood
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/wood
	NoAlert
}

splash carpet
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/carpet
	NoAlert
}

splash rock
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/rock
	NoAlert
}

splash electric
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/elec1
	NoAlert
}


splash surface
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/tile2
	NoAlert
}


splash slimy
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/slimy
	NoAlert
}


splash Water
{
	smallclass		WaterSplashBase
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/watersplashsmall

	baseclass		WaterSplashBase
	chunkclass		WaterSplash
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	NoAlert
}

splash Water2
{
	smallclass		WaterSplashBase
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/watersplashsmall

	baseclass		WaterSplashBase
	chunkclass		WaterSplash
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	NoAlert
}

splash Blood
{
	smallclass		BloodSplash
	smallclip		10
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall

	baseclass		BloodSplash
	chunkclass		BloodSplash
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

splash Nuke
{
	smallclass		SludgeSplash
	smallclip		6
	smallsound		world/lavasizzlesmall

	baseclass		SludgeSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}

splash Lava
{
	smallclass		LavaSplash
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/lavasizzlesmall

	baseclass		LavaSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}


splash Lav2
{
	smallclass		BloodSplash
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/lavasizzlesmall

	baseclass		BloodSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}

splash Lav3
{
	smallclass		LavaSmoke
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/lavsiz2

	baseclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavsiz2
	NoAlert
}

splash Slime
{
	smallclass		SlimeSplash
	smallclip		6
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall

	baseclass		SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

splash Grey
{
	smallclass		BloodSplashBase
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/watersplashsmall
	
	baseclass		BloodSplashBase
	chunkclass		SludgeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	NoAlert
}


splash Sludge
{
	smallclass		SludgeSplash
	smallclip		8
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall

	baseclass		SludgeSplash
	chunkclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	6
	chunkyvelshift	6
	chunkzvelshift	6
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}



terrain dirt
{
	splash			dirt
	footclip		0
}

terrain gravel
{
	splash			gravel
	footclip		0
}

terrain metal
{
	splash			metal
	footclip		0
}

terrain metal2
{
	splash			metal2
	footclip		0
}

terrain tile
{
	splash			tile
	footclip		0
}

terrain hard
{
	splash			hard
	footclip		0
}

terrain wood
{
	splash			wood
	footclip		0
	
}

terrain carpet
{
	splash			carpet
	footclip		0
}

terrain rock
{
	splash			rock
	footclip		0
}

terrain electric
{
	splash			electric
	footclip		0
}

terrain surface
{
	splash			surface
	footclip		0
}

terrain slimy
{
	splash			slimy
	footclip		0
}


terrain Water
{
	splash			Water
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Water2
{
	splash			Water
	footclip		0
	liquid
}

terrain Waterd2
{
	splash			Water
	footclip		30
	liquid
}

terrain Waterd3
{
	splash			Water
	footclip		40
	liquid
}

terrain Lava
{
	splash			Lava
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Lav2
{
	splash			Lav2
	footclip		4
	liquid
}

terrain Lav3
{
	splash			Lav3
	footclip		0
	liquid
}

terrain Blood
{
	splash			Blood
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Nuke
{
	splash			Nuke
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Slime
{
	splash			Slime
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Grey
{
	splash			Grey
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

terrain Sludge
{
	splash			Sludge
	footclip		10
	liquid
}



ifdoom

floor XRCK52 dirt
floor XRCK74 dirt
floor XRCK76 dirt
floor XRCK77 dirt
floor TMAYFL1 dirt

floor XRCK75 gravel
floor XRCK55 gravel
floor XRCK55 gravel
floor XRCK55 gravel
floor XRCK20 gravel
floor XRCK99 gravel
floor XRCK101 gravel

floor SLMTTK01 tile
floor FLOOR0_3 tile
floor D2_FLAT1 tile
floor D2_FLAT4 tile
floor D2_FLATY tile
floor D2_FLATX tile
floor TMLPWL08 tile
floor TMRBFL06 tile
floor TMRBFL7 tile
floor TMRBFL7B tile
floor TMRBFL7C tile
floor TMRBFL7D tile
floor ADEL_P51 tile
floor FLOOR7_2 tile
floor BLACK7 tile

floor D2_WALL1 metal
floor D2_WALL4 metal
floor D2_FLAT6 metal
floor D2_FLAT7 metal
floor SHAWN2 metal
floor SILVER1 metal
floor FLAT23 metal
floor LITE3 metal
floor N_MTTK25 metal
floor N_MTTK01 metal
floor N_MTTK05 metal
floor N_MTTK09 metal
floor N_MTTK13 metal
floor N_MTTK16 metal
floor N_MTTK32 metal
floor N_MTTK30 metal
floor N_MTTK19 metal
floor D2_FLAT7 metal
floor D2_FLAT5 metal
floor GRMETL02 metal
floor GRMETL09 metal
floor GRMETL08 metal
floor NFTMTL01 metal
floor N_MTSP3F metal
floor N_MTSP3E metal
floor METAL2 metal
floor GBMETL02 metal
floor GBMETL08 metal
floor METAL metal
floor GTMETL09 metal
floor N_MTSP3I metal
floor N_MTSP3J metal
floor SUPP316V metal
floor N_MTTK63 metal
floor DRMETA04 metal
floor DRSILV04 metal
floor PLAT1 metal
floor TMIDWL04 metal
floor TMIDWL03 metal
floor R_CAB2 metal
floor R_CAB1 metal
floor DRSILV07 metal
floor SHSV19 metal

floor N_MTTK47 metal2
floor TFLRFL02 metal2
floor T2GRF01 metal2
floor TFLRFL04 metal2
floor TTEKWL01 metal2
floor TMIDWL02 metal2
floor DRMETA02 metal2
floor TFLRFL05 metal2
floor TFLRFL0 metal2
floor NTMESH01 metal2

floor CRATOP1 wood
floor CRATOP2 wood
floor NFCTOP03 wood
floor TBRKWL66 wood
floor TWDTFL02 wood
floor PANDARKG wood
floor TWDTFL0 wood
floor TPWDWL01 wood
floor TCRTFL05 wood
floor BWOOD15 wood
floor TCRTFL0 wood

floor TMAYWL14 hard
floor TMAYWL06 hard
floor TMAYWL07 hard
floor TMAYFL04 hard
floor TMAYWL09 hard
floor NFTMET01 hard
floor FLAT1 hard
floor COMPSPAN hard
floor COMPSPAA hard
floor TMTLWL21 hard
floor RROCK09 hard
floor FLOOR4_8 hard
floor CNCRT2 hard
floor TASPFL0 hard
floor TASPFL03 hard
floor TBRIFL1 hard
floor CEIL5_2 hard
floor R_CONC7 hard
floor BRICK10A hard
floor N_GRAY36 hard
floor STO3GY01 hard
floor P_USEF12 hard
floor P_USEF11 hard
floor P_GRGY19 hard
floor P_GRGY11 hard

floor TEKWLSL1 electric
floor COMPBLUE electric

floor FLAT5_8 rock
floor XRCK59 rock
floor XRCK60 rock
floor XRCK61 rock
floor XRCK62 rock
floor AQUAWALL rock
floor AQUAGRAT rock
floor P_GRGY4 rock
floor N_STNE20 rock
floor BLACK1 rock
floor R_BLUWL1 rock

floor XRCK19 lav3

floor CEIL4_2 carpet
floor CEIL4_1 carpet
floor FLAT14 carpet
floor CRTCOV02 carpet
floor TDCMFL0 carpet
floor BLACK8 carpet
floor FLOOR1_1 carpet

floor FLAT20 surface
floor CEIL5_1 surface
floor N_SVPP02 surface
floor T2CMP01 surface
floor T2CMP03 surface
floor T2CMP05 surface
floor T2CMP07 surface
floor FLAT5_4 surface
floor FLAT19 surface
floor TCFLFL0 surface
floor ADEL_P54 surface
floor ADEL_P55 surface
floor ADEL_P58 surface

floor wwater water
floor wgwater water
floor wwater2 water2
floor wdwater water
floor wgwater2 waterd2
floor wdwater2 waterd2
floor wgwater3 waterd3
floor wdwater3 waterd3
floor wwukage nuke
floor wwlime slime
floor wwlood blood

floor frgrn1 nuke
floor frgrn2 nuke

floor TWCRFL0 wood

floor d3splt01 slimy
floor d3splt02 slimy
floor d3splt03 slimy
floor d3splt04 slimy
floor d3splt05 slimy
floor d3splt06 slimy
floor d3splt07 slimy
floor d3splt08 slimy
floor d3splt09 slimy
floor d3splt10 slimy
floor d3splt11 slimy
floor d3splt12 slimy
floor d3splt13 slimy
floor d3splt14 slimy
floor d3splt15 slimy
floor d3splt16 slimy
floor d3splt17 slimy
floor d3splt18 slimy
floor d3splt19 slimy
floor d3splt20 slimy
floor d3splt21 slimy
floor d3splt22 slimy
floor d3splt23 slimy

endif